ClarifyPureAsDiscussed (#3066)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/functions.tex

  A \lstinline!when!-statement.
\item

>   \lstinline!pure(impureFunctionCall($\ldots$))! -- which allows calling impure functions in any pure context.

Reviewer: The name of the callee shouldn't be `impureFunctionCall`:
```suggestion
  \lstinline!pure(impureFunction($\ldots$))! -- which allows calling impure functions in any pure context.
```

>   Note that the argument to \lstinline!pure! must be a function call, it only applies to the call and not to the arguments of the function call.

Reviewer: This is more than just a note:
```suggestion
  The wrapping in \lstinline!pure($\ldots$)! only by-passes the purity checking of the callee \lstinline!impureFunction!; the argument expressions of the function call are not affected.
```
